📝  (INT-2116):  Update for 3PB Documentation (#13)
fahimmahmoodmir/developers-community: pages/Documents/ConversationalAI/Third-PartyBots/GoogleDialogflowCX/advanced-features.md

  <li><b>typing</b>: This property will enable/disable the typing indicator while delay is happening. It is optional; if not provided then the value will be considered as true.</li>
</ul>

<br />

Setting a delay in between multiple messages is possible and an example of such a case (Message - Delay - Message) can be seen in Figure 3.4.

<img class="fancyimage" style="width:600px" src="img/dialogflowcx/dialogflow_message_delay_message.png">
Figure 3.4 An example of Message - Delay - Message  configuration in the Dialogflow console's intent editor

It is possible to send only a single delay response. The example payload of such response is below:

```json
{
  "delay": 8,
  "typing": false
}
```

<img class="fancyimage" style="width:800px" src="img/dialogflowcx/delay_response_custom_payload.png">
Figure 3.5 showing the Custom Markup message for delay message

**Note:** using the delay as a single/sole response from the bot to the consumer, is effectively a ‘no response’ action. Using this allows the bot to receive a consumer message without responding to the consumer.

### Sending Private Text Message

> It is possible to send a private text message from the Live Engage (LE-UI) via agent workspace. This feature can now be used via the Third-Party bots as well. This will allow Brands to define private message text within the conversational flow of the bot. These messages are published into the conversation for other Agent/Manger participants. This enables Brands to customize messages giving more insight, summarizing actions taken by the bot, or also advising on next actions the handover agent should take.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to send a private text message from the Conversational Cloud to other agents on the conversation. This feature can now be used via the Third-Party Bots as well. This will allow Brands to define private message text within the conversational flow of the bot. These messages are published into the conversation for other Agent/Manger participants. This enables Brands to customize messages giving more insight, summarizing actions taken by the bot, or also advising on next actions the handover agent should take.
```
